# 0. readme
- what is machine learning?
- what is deep learning?
- difference between supervised and unsupervised learning
- supervised llearning process
- evaluating performance
- overfitting

# 26. What is Machine Learning?
## what is machine learning?
- ML is a method of data analysis that automates analytical model building.
- Using algorithms that iteratively learn from data, machine learning allows computers to find hidden insights without being explicitly programmed where to look.

- [NN] Neural networks are a way of modeling biological neuron system mathematically.
    - These networks can then be used to solve tasks that many other types of algorithms can not (e.g. image classification)
- [DNN] Deep Learning simply refers to neural networks with more thann one hidden layer.

## ML process
  - data acquisition ->  data cleaning -> [test data] / [model training & building] -> model testing -> adjust model parameters -> model deplyment

# 27. Supervised Learning
- Supervised learning algorithms are trained usingn labeled examples
- Oftenly, split data into 3 sets
    - training data
        - used to **train model parameters**
    - validation data
        - used to determine **what model hyperparameters** to adjust
    - test data
        - used to get some **final performance metric**

# 28. Overfitting
- Overfittinng
    - The model fits too much to the noise from the data
    - This often results in **low error on training sets** but **high error on test/validation sets**

- Underfitting
    -  Model does not capture the underlying trend of the data and does not fit the data well enough
    -  **Low variance** but **high bias**
    -  Underfitting is often **a result of an excessively simple model**

## 29. Evaluating Performance - Classification Error Metrics
- model evaluation (supervised learning)
    - fit/train a model on training data -> then, test the model on testing data
- The key classification metrics
    - **(1) accuracy**
        -  accuracy?** the number of correct predictions** made by the model divided by the total number of predictions
        -  note! accuracy is not a good choice with unbalanced classes
    - **(2) recall**
        - recall? ability of a model to **find all the relevant cases **within a dataset
    - **(3) precision**
        - precision? ability of classification model to identify onnly the relevant data points
    - **(4) F1-score**
        - F1-score? the harmonic mean of precision and recall taking both metrics
        - F1 = 2 * (precisionn * recall) / (precision + recall)
- confusion matrix
CMT | prediction positive | prediction negative | 
--- | --- | --- | 
condition positive | TP | FN |
condition negative | FP | TN |

